1	 Where is James?
2	 James and Mary are in the garden. The weather is nice today, it is very warm. But yesterday it was very cold! They could not play outside then. James and Mary love to play, they always play together in the garden in front of the big house.
3	 James is a little boy and he is six years old. The little girl is his sister, she is five years old. James has a small dog, the dog was in the garden now. The dog likes to play with the two children. The dog is very happy now.
4	 Is Mary also have a dog? No, Mary does not have a dog, she is a cat. But the cat is in the house, the cat is sleeping.
5	 Their mother is inside the house with the cat, she looks out the window and sees James and Mary playing. James quickly runs to a big old tree, he is hiding from Mary. Do you know why? Mary is sitting and has her hands in front of his eyes. He does not see anything, and he will fall. Why is he doing that? What is James doing near the tree?
6	 It is a game. When Mary has finished counting she looks around. He is searching for James: where did he go? Did you see him?
7	 Mary does not know where James is. He asks the dog: "Did you see James?". But the dog does not speak of course! So Mary gets no answer to that question. People never get an answer when they speak to dogs!
8	 Mary looks at her mother behind the window, her mother is laughing. Mary thinks that she has seen where James went: "Tell me where he is!" He says to his mother. "No Mary, I can not tell you!" He replies. Although he probably knows where he is, he does not want to tell you.
9	 Mary slowly walks through the garden. He is still trying to find James. He looks under the table and chairs, but James is not there. He looks everywhere but can not find James.
10	 Then he hears a sound, it will be a big old tree. Could it be James? There is the sound again! He listens carefully. It is not a bird or other animal. Now, he can not hear it very well. It must be James!
11	 Then he sees a little hand, and as she walks closer, he can see his head! She laughs and says: "I found you". They are both happy and go to the house, it's time to eat something and drink some water!
